Add documentation for primary rebalancing (#7059)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _install-and-configure/configuring-opensearch/cluster-settings.md

- `cluster.routing.allocation.balance.prefer_primary` (Boolean): When set to `true`, OpenSearch attempts to evenly distribute the primary shards between the cluster nodes. Enabling this setting does not always guarantee an equal number of primary shards on each node, especially in the event of failover. Changing this setting to `false` after it was set to `true` does not invoke redistribution of primary shards. Default is `false`.

> - `cluster.routing.allocation.rebalance.primary.enable` (Boolean): When set to `true`, OpenSearch attempts to evenly rebalance the primary shards between the cluster nodes. Enabling this setting, cluster tries to maintain number of primary shards on each node with maximum buffer defined by `cluster.routing.allocation.rebalance.primary.buffer`. Changing this setting to `false` after it was set to `true` does not invoke redistribution of primary shards. Default is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cluster.routing.allocation.rebalance.primary.enable` (Boolean): When set to `true`, OpenSearch attempts to rebalance the primary shards between the cluster nodes. When enabled, the cluster tries to maintain number of primary shards on each node with the maximum buffer defined by the `cluster.routing.allocation.rebalance.primary.buffer` setting . Changing this setting to `false` after it was set to `true` does not invoke the redistribution of primary shards. Default is `false`.
```

> - `cluster.routing.allocation.rebalance.primary.enable` (Boolean): When set to `true`, OpenSearch attempts to rebalance the primary shards between the cluster nodes. When enabled, the cluster tries to maintain number of primary shards on each node with the maximum buffer defined by the `cluster.routing.allocation.rebalance.primary.buffer` setting . Changing this setting to `false` after it was set to `true` does not invoke the redistribution of primary shards. Default is `false`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `cluster.routing.allocation.rebalance.primary.enable` (Boolean): When set to `true`, OpenSearch attempts to rebalance the primary shards between the cluster nodes. When enabled, the cluster tries to maintain the number of primary shards on each node, with the maximum buffer defined by the `cluster.routing.allocation.rebalance.primary.buffer` setting. Changing this setting to `false` after it was set to `true` does not invoke the redistribution of primary shards. Default is `false`.
```
